## [Content](#content)
<table>
<tr><td colspan="2"><a href="#related-research-papers-in-or">3. Related research papers in OR</a></td></tr>
<tr><td colspan="2">&emsp;<a href="#survey">3.0 Survey</a></td></tr>
</table>

[Back to homepage](../papers4dtor.md)

## [Related research papers in OR](#content)

## [Survey](#content)
1. **Industry 4.0: Opportunities and Challenges for Operations Management**. M&SOM, 2019. [paper](https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/pdf/10.1287/msom.2019.0796)
*Tava Lennon Olsen, Brian Tomlin*
>The crucial aspect here is the “live setting”; that is, it is not simply a static digital representation of an object before use, but it is a dynamic representation of the object that evolves in use. Real-time sensor measurements across a range of elements enable a system-level representation of a complex asset (e.g., a turbine) or indeed, an entire production system. The physical world has a dynamically coupled representation in the digital world, and this data-rich environment can enable operations managers to uncover previously unknown relationships between system conditions and outcomes. This understanding can drive continuous improvement in defect reduction, uptime, and other key performance indicators of the existing system while also generating improved manufacturability design ideas for future products and factories. <font color=purple>@TAG real-time optimization; </font>

> “Digital twins exist at the nexus of physical engineering, data science, and machine learning” (GE 2016, p. 2), and this holds true for IoT-enabled operations more broadly. Distilling the vast data generated from sensors into actionable knowledge will be a formidable challenge. Real-time, data-rich, system-level optimization within and across networks of factories and assets will require algorithms that can solve extremely large problems almost instantaneously. Such difficulties offer ample research opportunities in the realm of data analytics and optimization methods. <font color=purple>@TAG real-time optimization</font>

> Therefore, viewing IoT-enabled operations as information-rich ones, one might conclude that the interesting research questions have already been explored. This would be an unfortunate conclusion. IoT-enabled operations will deliver a much broader array of production- and logistics-relevant data, <font color=green>@RQ opening up questions as to what types of data are most useful, how the data should be best used, and how data ownership in inter-firm production systems (e.g., servitization of processing assets) would be best configured.</font> That is, the IoT will lead to a wide variety of research questions related to the design of the processes and procedures for managing operations and supply chains. <font color=purple>@TAG integration of data; ownership; servitization</font>

2. **Enabling Smarter Cities with Operations Management**. M&SOM, 2020. [paper](https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/pdf/10.1287/msom.2020.0929). *Ho-Yin Mak*

> The real-time generation of data enables the digital twin concept: on the IoT, it is possible to create a digital replica of each physical device, which can be monitored and analyzed digitally in real time. Supported by data supplied by the IoT, integrated models of the network of digital twins allows for visualization, experimentation, simulation, and optimization of various operations before physical implementation. <font color=purple>@TAG real-time; integration of data and intelligence</font>

> Research questions in efficiency: <font color=green>@RQ With access to such real-time data, it is possible to design and operate a much more dynamic, demand-responsive service than the current fixed-schedule service. ... There is likely to be a tradeoff between the (costs of) information and the potential efficiency improvements that OM-trained researchers and practitioners are well equipped to model and assess.</font> <font color=purple>@TAG real-time optimization</font>

> Research questions in smart parking: <font color=green>@RQ Making real-time parking data public is difficult due to challenges in data acquisition and access....it is also of interest to investigate the problem of how many sensors to deploy (and where), balancing between the costs and the potential revenue (or some efficiency-based objective) that is optimized based on data acquired by the sensors. One issue of interest is the possible tradeoff between revenue extraction and information acquisition—it could be optimal, for instance, to deploy (more) sensors at locations not deemed important from the revenue perspective, but could provide important information to optimize the overall performance of the parking network.</font> <font color=purple>@TAG real-time optimization</font>

> Beyond data collection, managing data ownership and access is also a key issue... This motivates two important and related questions for researchers to investigate, namely, the incentives for private operators to open access to their data and the potential value of developing a centralized platform to pool such data. <font color=purple>@TAG synchronization fidelity</font>

3. **What Is Different About Digital Strategy? From Quantitative to Qualitative Change**. STRATEGY SCIENCE, 2019. [paper](https://pubsonline.informs.org/doi/pdf/10.1287/stsc.2019.0099). *Ron Adner, Phanish Puranam, Feng Zhu*

> We suggest that this “something” can be understood as a transition from quantitative improvements to qualitative changes. While we do not minimize the miracles that have led to, and been enabled by, the exponential improvement in processing power, storage capacity, bandwidth, and their associated costs, we suggest that their impact has been well accommodated within the existing strategy canon until recently. Therefore, we focus on the qualitative changes that interact to produce truly novel outcomes. We posit that the changes we highlight demand a re-examination and expansion of the strategy principles that have guided the field’s approach to technological transitions thus far. This is a conversation we hope others will swiftly join—to challenge, complement, and ultimately improve our collective understanding of firm strategy in the digital era. <font color=purple>@TAG introduction</font>

> Finally, beyond the quantitative growth in data storage capacity and reduction in storage costs is a third qualitative shift—that of data aggregation. A qualitative shift arises from the ability to combine previously disjoint data (e.g., location, search query, and social network) to answer questions that were formerly impossible to address. <font color=purple>@TAG integration of data</font>

> While each of these effects of digitization is significant, truly dramatic changes become visible when they interact and reinforce each other.
> > To provide a concrete example, “digital twins” currently enable physical processes (e.g., the wear and tear of a jet engine) to be represented digitally in the form of a simulation model. Such a model derives its predictive power from the dynamic connectivity to the actual engine being modeled, aggregation of data across similar engines in other planes, and the use of algorithms to extract predictive insights from these data. Crucially, the resulting model enables not just preventive maintenance but may also enable virtual experimentation for design improvements. As McAfee (2019) argues, simulation supports a dramatic increase in the effectiveness of search for efficiencies, given that virtual prototyping does not face the same resource constraints as prototyping in the real world. Connectivity, aggregation, and representation lay the digital foundations on which such virtual prototyping can take place. <font color=purple>@TAG introduction</font>

> - *Resource-Based View (RBV): Data and Algorithms as Self-Generating Resources*. In order to understand the complexities that arise from how data are generated and consumed, consider a particularly interesting new form of digital data creation that can be described as “*autogenic*.” This arises when the very act of engaging with data creates new data. ... <font color=green>@RQ If data and algorithms are resources, their replication may be a qualitatively distinct phenomenon from knowledge transfer among humans (Szulanski 1996). On the one hand, issues of stickiness and causal ambiguity might appear less relevant in replicating digital content. Indeed, one might be concerned that costless large-scale replication may imply a homogeneity of beliefs throughout a system that may curtail organizational exploration (March 1991). **On the other hand, stickiness may be even more important in the use by humans of the insights generated algorithmically from data. The confidence that human decision makers place in algorithmically derived insight may depend, at least in some cases, on their ability to comprehend the causal structure of the process that generates the insight, and numerous state-of-the art techniques in machine learning do not offer such causal understanding. (trust)**</font> <font color=purple>@TAG integration of data, intelligence, and human</font>

> - *Data, Ownership, and Factor Markets:* General Motors and John Deere, among other manufacturers, argued that ownership of a vehicle does not include ownership of the underlying computer software in a vehicle (Wiens 2015). <font color=green>@RQ data—particularly their algorithmic use—create ownership difficulties; this is because near costless and perfect replication imply that, unlike a physical good, data can be reused, repackaged, and resold ad infinitum. As the combination of autogenesis, scalability, and fungibility becomes more common, we can expect greater variety in observed solutions to the contracting challenges their potential creates.</font> <font color=purple>@TAG integration of data and intelligence; ownership</font>

> - **Digitization, Replication, and Super-Scalable Business Models:** Once a process or some information is in digital format, replication becomes error free and often costless. Consequently, scalability can improve significantly when this property interacts with connectivity. For example, when Amazon develops a better algorithm to match consumers with products, a digital copy of that algorithm can instantly be made available in millions of virtual storefronts for Amazon customers worldwide. <font color=purple>@TAG inter-operability</font>

> However, within organizations, digital transformation has also created numerous new opportunities for “algorithmic management,” in which algorithms and data augment or perhaps even automate managerial work. The way that algorithms and humans can work together is rapidly emerging as a high-interest research area in many fields, such as computer science, human–computer interactions, and consumer behavior, and the implications for organization design are definitely of interest to strategy researchers (Puranam 2018). <font color=purple>@TAG integration of intelligence and human</font>

> **Organizational Sense-making in an Algorithmic World:** In this regard, cutting-edge techniques such as machine learning produce an additional qualitative shift in how data are used—from representing data to improving human perception of phenomena to prediction, which may or may not involve or be subject to human comprehension. There is a delicate balance that managers may have to strike in this area: they may need to let go of the need to understand in order to satisfy the need to predict. Yet, the risks of ethically repellant outcomes and regulatory constraints and the desire to satisfy sheer human curiosity make this balancing act far from trivial. Theorists may well soon face similar challenges (Puranam 2019). In the meantime, as algorithmic representation becomes ever more effective while becoming ever less comprehensible, the rise of new organizational roles—like *Data Storyteller*—may not be as surprising as it initially appears. As Weick suggested, a comprehensible and motivating story may have value independent of its veracity (Weick 1995). In a “mixed economy” of algorithmic decision analysis but ultimately human decision responsibility, compelling and clear narratives may become more, not less, important. <font color=purple>@TAG integration of intelligence and human</font>

5. **Optimization problems for machine learning: A survey**. EJOR, 2021. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ejor.2020.08.045). *Claudio Gambella, Bissan Ghaddar, Joe Naoum-Sawaya*. 

6. **Machine learning for combinatorial optimization: A methodological tour d’horizon**. EJOR, 2020. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ejor.2020.07.063). *Yoshua Bengio, Andrea Lodi, Antoine Prouvost*

> Challenges
> - Data generation. Collecting data (for example instances of optimization problems) is a subtle task. In other cases, i.e., when we are not targeting a specific application for which we would have historical data, how can we proactively train a policy for problems that we do not yet know of? 


12. **Algorithm runtime prediction: Methods & evaluation**. Artificial Intelligence, 2014. [paper](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.artint.2013.10.003). *Frank Hutter , Lin Xu, Holger H. Hoos, Kevin Leyton-Brown*.

13. **Operations Research Improves Biomanufacturing Efficiency at MSD Animal Health**. INFORMS Journal on Applied Analytics, 2021. [paper](https://doi.org/10.1287/inte.2020.1054). *Tugce Martagan, Yesim Koca,Ivo Adan,Bram van Ravenstein,Marc Baaijens,Oscar Repping*

> Through several iterations, we made multiple enhancements to the simulation model to make sure that we created a digital twin of the Boxmeer facility. These enhancements included adding or removing dependencies and production constraints, adjusting process parameters, etc. The most significant tool enhancement was related to the optimization part. Initially, the project objective was to develop a simulation model for performance evaluation. The development of the optimization part arose naturally during the process as a new module to enhance the simulation model.
